This is a mirror of http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=3852

Designed to work equally well with background set to dark or light. No vimrc configuration necessary.

Includes a simple function BgToggle() which can be mapped for extremely fast background switching.

The light background is a bisque, while the dark background is very dark, but not black. The color palette is colorful, but the hues are restrained. Terminal use is not supported.

The goal of this colorscheme is to create an artistic and functional Vim environment, to make Vim documents as colorful as possible while avoiding overbearing candy colors, and arranging the colors in a logical way so that they are actually useful in providing visual clues about the document.

Extraneous formatting (bold, italics, and underlined text) is avoided, except for where this formatting is explicitly called for (and the following exceptions).

The status line is underlined in order to create more delineation between the document and the command line. The vertical split is underlined in order to create a unique look for the division between documents (an upside-down T, which could suggest a notebook). Folded headers are underlined.

All six header levels are defined for HTML, broken into color-coded pairs, with the secondary header of each pair italicized. The first header pair (H1 and H2) are tomato red; H3 and H4 are a deep inky blue; H5 and H6 are a maroon. This aids in visually scanning HTML documents for headers.

Headers are defined the same way for VimWiki, Markdown, and reStructuredText syntax.

HTML is largely colored differently from other scripts that may be embedded within, like PHP and CSS. HTML tags are subdued so that other content is dominant. Link text is almost neon.

Many plugins are supported including VimWiki, NERDtree, Netrw, TwitVim, and Viki. Adjustments have been made for various syntax, to create the best look possible.

Screenshots:

    * Light http://elflife.net/vim/FestoonLight.png
    * Dark http://elflife.net/vim/FestoonDark.png

